add 'update agent' to troubleshooting docs (#1834)
elastic/apm-agent-java: docs/troubleshooting.asciidoc

Upload the *complete* logs to a service like https://gist.github.com.
The logs should include everything from the application startup up until the first request has been executed.

[float]
[[trouble-shooting-use-latest-agent]]
=== Updating to latest agent version

Agent is updated frequently and releases are not strongly tied to other components in the stack.

As a result, trying to update to the most recently released agent version is often the recommended first troubleshooting

> step. Also, between releases using the https://github.com/elastic/apm-agent-java/blob/master/README.md#snapshots[latest-snapshot] might also be relevant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
step. If possible, trying the https://github.com/elastic/apm-agent-java/blob/master/README.md#snapshots[latest-snapshot] is even preferable as it would include fixes that are not yet released.
```
